Tenant Loader as a tool (#1184)
kyma-incubator/compass: docs/compass/03-tenant-loading.md

# Tenant loading

## Overview

> This document describes how Compass handles tenant loading. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

Reviewer: Let's work together on the introductory sentence.

> ## Loading default tenants

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Load default tenants
```

> In Compass, there is a `compass-director-tenant-loader-default` job that allows user to load default tenants specified in `global.tenants` value, which can be found [here](../../chart/compass/values.yaml).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Compass, there is a `compass-director-tenant-loader-default` job that allows you to load default tenants specified in the [**global.tenants** parameter](../../chart/compass/values.yaml).
```

> This job is executed once, after the installation of compass chart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This job is executed once, after the installation of the Compass chart.
```

> It is enabled by default. To disable it, user has to set `global.tenantConfig.useDefaultTenants` value to `false`, [here](../../chart/compass/values.yaml).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The job is enabled by default. To disable it, set **global.tenantConfig.useDefaultTenants** to `false`.
```

> Example `global.tenants` value:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the example of the specified **global.tenants** parameter:
```

```yaml
global:
  tenants:
    - name: default
      id: 3e64ebae-38b5-46a0-b1ed-9ccee153a0ae
    - name: foo
      id: 1eba80dd-8ff6-54ee-be4d-77944d17b10b
    - name: bar
      id: af9f84a9-1d3a-4d9f-ae0c-94f883b33b6e
``` 

> ## Loading external tenants from json

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Load external tenants manually
```

> External tenants can be manually loaded at any time by following these steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can load external tenants manually at any time by following these steps:
```

> 1. Create a ConfigMap `compass-director-external-tenant-config` with embedded JSON file containing tenants to add

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create the `compass-director-external-tenant-config` ConfigMap with an embedded JSON file that contains tenants to add.
```

> 2. Create a Job that will load tenants from provided config map by using suspended `compass-director-tenant-loader-external` CronJob as template: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Create a job that loads tenants from the provided ConfigMap by using the suspended `compass-director-tenant-loader-external` CronJob as a template: 
```

> `kubectl -n compass-system create job --from=cronjob/compass-director-tenant-loader-external compass-director-tenant-loader-external`

Reviewer: Use a code block here so that the command displays nicely on UI.

> 3. Wait for the job to finish adding tenants

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Wait for the job to finish adding tenants.
```

> 4. Delete manually created job and config map from cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Delete the manually created job and ConfigMap from the cluster.
```

> Example ConfigMap:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the example of a ConfigMap:
```
